all right no peeking
no peeking
no peeking no peeking
all right all right but youd better be wearing clothes
when i open my eyes
all right open your eyes
sweet mother of all that is good and pure
days of our lives picked up my option
congratulations
i know
now we can finally watch green acres the way it was meant to be seen
so uh which one is mine
whichever one you want man
whichever one you want
not that one
oh yes
oh yeah thats the stuff
do we dare
we dare
ah ah
ah ah ah ah
♪ so no one told you life was gonna be this way ♪
♪ your jobs a joke youre broke ♪
♪ your love lifes doa ♪
♪ its like youre always stuck in second gear ♪
♪ when it hasnt been your day ♪
♪ your week your month or even your year ♪
♪ but ill be there for you ♪
♪ when the rain starts to pour ♪
♪ ill be there for you ♪
♪ like ive been there before ♪
♪ cause youre there for me too ♪
i cant believe two cows made the ultimate sacrifice
so you guys could watch tv with your feet up
they were chairshaped cows
they never would have survived in the wild
that screen is amazing
dick van dyke is practically lifesize
rose marie really belongs on a smaller screen doesnt she
hi you guys
hey
hey you
hey yo whoa hey
so uh how was your day
oh you know pretty much the usual
sun shining birds chirping
really mine too
hey cool mine too
yeah yeah yeah
i got to get to the museum
so um ill see you tonight
okay
bye guys
bye
tonight
both hey yo hey yo
whats tonight
it is our first official date
our first date
hello
hi
tonight youre supposed to waitress for me
my catering thing
any of those words trigger anything for you
oh god monica i forgot
this is our first date
yes but my mom got me this job
i can be a waitress i can be a waitress
thank you thank you thank you thank you
see phoebe
really pheebs because youd have to be an actual waitress
this cant be like your i can be a bear cub thing
i can be a waitress
okay watch this
give me two number ones 86 the bacon
one adam and eve on a raft and wreck em
♪ lala lalala lala lalala ♪
its james bond
sorry were late
thats okay come on in
im sorry is monica geller coming
i was told she was
dr burke its me
monica
my god
you used to be so
i mean you you must have lost like
you look great
thank you this is my friend phoebe
shes going to be helping me tonight
hi phoebe nice to meet you
so howve you been ive been great
just great howve you been
oh well obviously barbara and i split up
otherwise you wouldnt have done the head tilt
the head tilt yeah
since the divorce when anybody asks me how i am
its always with a sympathetic head tilt
how you doing you okay
im sorry no no
its fine believe me i do it too
i always answer with the im okay head bob
im okay
you sure yeah im fine
i got to set up the music i got a new cd changer
of course the divorce only left me with four cds to change
oh
thats too bad
ill survive
to the reverse
uh two larges extra cheese on both
but listen dont ring the buzzer for 19
ring 20 gellergreen
theyll let you in okay
if you buzz our door theres no tip for you
okay thanks
pizzas on the way i told you we wouldnt have to get up
what if we have to pee
ill cancel the sodas
youve got to get back out there
its your party
but theyre so dull
theyre all ophthalmologists
youre an ophthalmologist
only because my parents wanted me to be
i wanted to be a sheriff
thats funny cadillac cataract
i get it no i get it no you stay out there
you see
ill tell you what
ill come get you in five minutes
with some sort of kabob emergency
okay
you better
oh god here we go
hey want to see them go nuts
watch this
who needs glasses
you are so smitten
i am not
oh you are so much the smitten kitten
you should ask him out
dr burke i dont think so
i mean like hes a grownup
so
you two are totally into each other
phoebe hes a friend of my parents
hes like 20 years older than me
so youre just never going to see him again
not never
i mean im going to see him tomorrow
at my eye appointment
didnt you just get your eyes checked
well yeah but you know 27 is a
dangerous eye age
come on im not saying it was a bad movie
im just saying it was a little
hard to follow
i told you there were going to be subtitles
i know
i just didnt want to wear my glasses
on our first date
oh
monica
it would really help when im kissing you
if you didnt shout out my sisters name
honey im just checking
monica mon
monica
mon monica
what
what im sorry oh god im sorry
its just that when you moved your hands down to my butt
it was like whoa rosss hands are on my butt
sorry
and thats funny why
well its not
i mean im sorry i guess im just nervous
i mean its you
you know its us
i mean were crossing that line
its sort of a big thing
well i know its big i just didnt know it was
haha big
okay
okay my hands were nowhere near your butt
i know i know i know i know
i was just thinking about when they were there the last time
im sorry im sorry im sorry
okay look whoa i promise im good
im not going to laugh anymore put your hands back on
no now i cant because uh
im feeling too selfconscious
just one cheek no the moments gone
put your hands out and ill back up into them
thats romantic
rachel come on touch it ross no
come on squeeze it no
rub it no
come on would you just grab my ass
wow look at that
the car is on fire
yet somehow its expensive paint job
is protected by the miracle wax
you know
you got a cheeto on your face man
thanks
hey both hey
what are you doing here arent you supposed to be out with rachel
that was 14 hours ago
so howd it go
oh listen have you ever been
you know fooling around with a girl
and uh
she started laughing
yeah
but uh it was 1982
and my flock of sea gulls haircut was tickling her chin
she laughed at you
yeah i dont know ive been wanting this
since like ninth grade typing
and i just want it to be perfect
and right and
why isnt that laser beam cutting through the paint
its the miracle wax
it certainly is a miracle
hi you guys both hey
hey hi
listen i was um thinking about
can you guys speak up
its harder for us to hear you when you lower your voice
okay listen im sorry about last night
and i really want to make it up to you
no you you know
theres no need to make it how
well i was thinking maybe a um
a romantic dinner
with um candles and wine
and then um maybe going back to my place
for um
dessert
hmm that sounds i dont know perfect
whats this
can you get us a couple of beers
im going to look into your eyes now
really
yeah thats my job
oh right
all right look up
look down
now open your eyes and look down
thats right
look into the light
now look at me
okay
your eyes look good
those are good eyes
good they feel good
in my head
so
its great to see you
you too
okay um
goodbye
drops what
drops here theyre free
thanks
so i guess id better be going
oh okay yeah ill see you later
oh thanks again
oh uh
all right we have got to get you lazy boys out of these chairs
both hey whoa hey whoa
you know you should go outside
and be with the threedimensional people
no
inside good
outside bad
you guys are so pathetic
oh oh xanadu
oh oh
shes one of us now
hi you guys hey
all hey
well we just wanted to stop by and uh say good night
all good night
look at that they wont even turn their heads
all right you guys im taking off my shirt
nah shes lying
stop sending food to our apartment
why are you all dressed up
youre not the only one who has a date tonight
what you have a date who with
no one come on whats his name
nothing
come on tell me
all right but im very excited about this okay
so you got to promise you wont get
all bigbrothery and judgmental
i promise what
its richard burke
whos richard burke
doc dr burke
you have a date with dr burke
why why why should that bother me
ii love that man
hes like a a brother to dad
for your information he happens to be one of the brightest
most sophisticated sexiest men ive ever been with
dr burke is sexy
oh god absolutely
damn
its the museum again can i oh
you know dr burke kissed me once
when
when i was seven
i crashed my bike in front of his house
and to stop me from crying he kissed me
right here
oh you are so lucky
i know
whoa whoa whoa australopithecus isnt
supposed to be in that display
no no
no no homo habilis was erect
australopithecus was never full erect
well maybe he was nervous
look i cant believe this look
homo habilis hasnt even learned how to use tools yet
and theyve got him here with clay pots
why dont they just give him a microwave
im sorry this is taking so long
its longer than i expected we will have dinner okay
its okay its fine
carl
oh wow
is that michelle yep
ive not seen her since high school graduation
oh my god that night she got so drun
motional
you know shes having another baby
i thought she just had one
no no henrys almost two
hes talking and everything
here
aw
you know the other day he told me he liked me better
than his other grandpa
now in all fairness his other grandpas a drunk
but still
oh youre a grandpa
yeah
are we nuts here
i dont know
maybe
i mean im dating a man
whose pool i once peed in
i didnt need to know that
i guess 21 years is a lot
i mean hell im a
whole person who can drink older than you
yeah
so
so maybe we should just
yeah
yeah maybe
wow
this really sucks
yeah it sure does
well we dont really have to decide anything right now do we
no no theres rush or anything
man pizza delivery
ooh im going to kill those guys
rach oh
im done
yeah well you know what
so is sorrentinos
okay im sorry lets
why dont we find someplace else
no you know what its late everythings going to be closed
why dont we do it another night
no no we wont
we wont
come on
okay thats dead right
what is this what are we doing
shh do you want cranapple or crangrape
grape
okay now sit
okay
oh my god
man billions of years ago the earth was born
sorry
okay
uh so what are we looking at
well you see that
that little cluster of stars next to the big one
that is ursa major
really
no idea could be could be
listen im sorry i had to work tonight
oh thats okay
you were worth the wait
and i dont just mean tonight
ooh
youre not laughing
this time its not so funny
okay loosen the knot
loosen the knot
oh god
oh
honey
oh thats okay
what
oh no you just rolled over the juice box
oh thank god
uh
hi
hey you
i cant believe im waking up next to you
i know it is pretty unbelievable
rachel what
were not alone
yeah
is that the fire alarm
oh its not warm yet we still have time
cool
yeah yeah cool